\documentclass[10pt,letterpaper]{article}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{lastpage}
\pagestyle{fancyplain}

% Put watermark on
% \usepackage{draftwatermark}
% \SetWatermarkText{Draft}
% \SetWatermarkScale{7}

\lhead{}
\chead{Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association}
\rhead{}
\lfoot{}
\cfoot{}
\rfoot{Page \thepage\ of \pageref{LastPage}}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}
{\huge September 2016 Board of Directors Meeting}\\
\emph{of the}\\
{\Large Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association}\\
\emph{Submitted by Mark Ide \texttt{W1IDE}, Secretary}
\end{center}

\section{Meeting Called to Order}
The CMARA September 2016 Board of Directors meeting was called to order on September 15, 2016 at 9:03 PM by CMARA president Bob Peloquin (\texttt{KB1VUA}).

\section{Attendance}

\subsection{Officers Present}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|c|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Position} & \textbf{Name}  & \textbf{Callsign} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
  President         & Bob Peloquin   & \texttt{KB1VUA}   & Yes \\
  Vice President    & Art Kass       & \texttt{WA1RCQ}   & Yes \\
  Secretary         & Mark Ide       & \texttt{W1IDE}    & Yes \\
  Treasurer         & Jim Singer     & \texttt{N1EKO}    & No  \\
  Webmaster         & Lynn Glagowski & \texttt{WB1CCL}   & No  \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}

\subsection{Board of Directors Present}

\begin{tabular}{|l|l|c|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Name}     & \textbf{Callsign} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
  Adrian Zeffert    & \texttt{AB2IX}    & Yes \\
  Harold Carlson    & \texttt{N1ZC}     & No  \\
  Dick Jubinville   & \texttt{W1REJ}    & Yes \\
  Terry Glagowski   & \texttt{W1TR}     & Yes \\
  Randy Dore        & \texttt{W4FEB}    & Yes \\
  Johnathan Sherman & \texttt{WW2JS}    & Yes \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}

\subsection{Members Present}

\texttt{N1FSK}

\subsection{Guests \& Visitors}

None

\section{Primary Discussion}

\subsection{Presentations}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Next month, Adrian (\texttt{AB2IX}) will be giving a presentation titled ``Test Bench for Non-Technologist Hams''.
  \item Terry (\texttt{W1TR}) has offered to give a presentation on a remote, software controlled antenna switch that he recently built. The presentation isn't currently ready, but can be done for any point.
  \item A presentation on digital modes (PSK, RTTY, Packet, etc) could be nice.
  \item The December meeting will be utilized by the annual potluck.
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Field Day}
Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) has informed the board that the Aldrich Astronomical Society enjoyed having us as guests and that means it's likely we could secure the location next year.

\subsection{Club Banner}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item After the Boxboro 2016 hamfest, the question of having a club banner was brought up.
  \item We once had a banner, but it's no longer in good condition. We need a replacement.
  \item Ideally, the banner would have the CMARA Triangular logo and the full spelling ``Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association, Inc.'', and possibly the ARRL logo.
  \item Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) has been tasked with looking into banners. The board has voted to grant him up to, but not exceeding, \$200.00 to purchase a new banner.
  \item Since there are three weeks until Near-Fest, we'd possibly want the banner before then.
  \item Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) will reach out to Lynn (\texttt{WB1CCL}) with a rough description of the needs of the banner. She will then draft.
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Near-Fest}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Do we want to have a club presence at Near-Field? Should Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) bring up the motor home?
  \item It was voted by the board that having a club presence at Near-Fest would be good. The board voted to reimburse up to, but not exceeding, \$100.00 to Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) for gas expenses.
  \item Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) has an ``AB-952'' mast that he will bring to Near-Fest to see what it will sell for (he estimates about \$200 - \$300).
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Mast in Monson, MA}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item There is a mast that needs to be taken down in Monson, MA.
  \item we need three or four people and some rope. We will also need a trailer, as this mast has multiple ten-foot sections.
  \item Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) will follow up with Wayne.
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Club History}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Sandy (\texttt{N1FSK}) was approached by Tom (\texttt{NE1R}) regarding recording some club history. Sandy was given three banker's boxes of papers, and then proceeded to write a 8-9 page summary.
  \item Sandy will send a PDF to Terry (\texttt{W1TR}) and Lynn (\texttt{WB1CCL}) in order to get this history on the website.
  \item Sandy (\texttt{N1FSK}) has agreed to give a presentation to the club about all his findings. We will need to schedule this.
  \item Thank you, Sandy for all your work on this. This has been a great service to the club and we all appreciate it.
\end{enumerate}

\section{Meeting Adjourned}
The meeting was adjourned September 15, 2016 by CMARA president Bob Peloquin (\texttt{KB1VUA}) at 9:40 pm.

\end{document}
