\documentclass[10pt,letterpaper]{article}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{lastpage}
\pagestyle{fancyplain}

% Put watermark on
% \usepackage{draftwatermark}
% \SetWatermarkText{Draft}
% \SetWatermarkScale{7}

\lhead{}
\chead{Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association}
\rhead{}
\lfoot{\texttt{https://github.com/mide/cmara-meeting-minutes/}}
\cfoot{}
\rfoot{Page \thepage\ of \pageref{LastPage}}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}
{\huge February 2017 Board of Directors Meeting}\\
\emph{of the}\\
{\Large Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association}\\
\emph{Submitted by Mark Ide \texttt{W1IDE}, Secretary}
\end{center}

\section{Meeting Called to Order}
The CMARA February 2017 board meeting was called to order on February 16, 2017 at 9:12 PM by CMARA president Bob Peloquin (\texttt{KB1VUA}).

\section{Attendance}

\subsection{Officers Present}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|c|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Position} & \textbf{Name}  & \textbf{Callsign} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
  President         & Bob Peloquin   & \texttt{KB1VUA}   & Yes \\
  Vice President    & Brian Loverro  & \texttt{K1BML}    & Yes \\
  Secretary         & Mark Ide       & \texttt{W1IDE}    & Yes \\
  Treasurer         & Jim Singer     & \texttt{N1EKO}    & No  \\
  Webmaster         & Lyn Glagowski  & \texttt{WB1CCL}   & No  \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}

\subsection{Board of Directors Present}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|c|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Name}     & \textbf{Callsign} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
  Adrian Zeffert    & \texttt{AB2IX}    & Yes \\
  Harold Carlson    & \texttt{N1ZC}     & No  \\
  Greg Algieri      & \texttt{WA1JXR}   & Yes \\
  Terry Glagowski   & \texttt{W1TR}     & Yes \\
  Randy Dore        & \texttt{W4FEB}    & Yes \\
  Johnathan Sherman & \texttt{WW2JS}    & No  \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}

\subsection{Members Present}
\texttt{KC1GIB},
\texttt{N1FSK}

\subsection{Guests \& Visitors}
\texttt{KB2SAE},
Christopher Wentworth

\section{Primary Discussion}

\subsection{Potential Presentations}
The board had a good discussion about potential presentations for upcoming meetings. Some of them were as follow:
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Greg (\texttt{WA1JXR}) could give a soldering presentation in relation to the MCW club project. This presentation could be a little difficult because of the requirement of many soldering irons and space. There is a potential that we could work with Bill (\texttt{AA2S}) and use some of the lab space if available.
  \item Adrian (\texttt{AB2IX}) will have a presentation prepared for the April meeting. It won't be ready for March.
  \item Brian (\texttt{K1BML}) will be volunteering during the Boston Marathon this year, so he could give a presentation on that once it's over. The marathon is April 17 this year.
  \item Could we get Tom (\texttt{NE1R}) to give his knots presentation? Perhaps, if we can get a hold of him.
  \item We could have a club auction of some of the donated equipment. We could also offer to auction off member's equipment for a percentage.
  \item Very much like the auction, we could hold a `white elephant sale'. We wouldn't want to see folks go crazy with prices, as this is to benefit the members. The club does have some assets to liquidate, so perhaps this would act as a good time to do that. We decided to go forth with this `swap meet' for March.
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{501(c)(3) Status}
According to our Articles of Incorporation, one of our goals is to provide knowledge, which should deem us eligible as an educational club. We would need to pay a one-time fee of \$350.00 in order to incorporate as 501(c)(3). No action is queued at this time, we're still in discussions regarding this.

\subsection{Meeting Snacks}
The March meeting's snacks will be provided by Art (\texttt{WA1RCQ}). If Art is unable to make it, Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) will bring snacks. The board figures approximately \$15 per month can be spent from the `coffee jar fund' on snacks.

\subsection{New Projector}
Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) made a motion to authorize him to spend up to \$1000.00 to purchase a new projector for the club. The board decided to table the motion until we can get some more information on the available options and costs. Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) has the action to gather some information on the market of projectors and bring those to the board next month. No authorization for spending was made at this time.

\subsection{Filing Corrections}
Randy (\texttt{W4FEB}) has reviewed our filings on the MA Secretary of State website and found a minor error. While our zip code is correct, our town is currently listed as `Boylston' and not `West Boylston'. Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) took the action to address that issue.

\subsection{Boxes of Historical Club Data}
Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) currently has all the boxes of all the club's historical data. These boxes need to be stored safely to preserve our club history. Brian (\texttt{K1BML}) has offered to store the boxes and Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) has agreed to work on scanning them. Digitizing the assets will be a long, ongoing project.

\section{Next Month's Presentation}
Next month's topic will be a `Swap Meet'. Members are welcome to bring in equipment they're looking to sell and offer them to the membership. We will ask that folks are kind with their pricing, as this is an inner-club event and we're hoping everyone can help each other.\\

\noindent
Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) has the task to draft the notice and send it to the board for approval. Once approved, it will be sent to the membership.

\section{Meeting Adjourned}
The meeting was adjourned February 16, 2017 at 9:41 PM by CMARA president Bob Peloquin (\texttt{KB1VUA}).

\end{document}
