\documentclass[10pt,letterpaper]{article}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage{lastpage}
\usepackage{tcolorbox}
\pagestyle{fancyplain}

% Put watermark on
\usepackage{draftwatermark}
\SetWatermarkText{Draft}
\SetWatermarkScale{7}

\lhead{}
\chead{Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association}
\rhead{}
\lfoot{}
\cfoot{}
\rfoot{Page \thepage\ of \pageref{LastPage}}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}
{\huge October 2017 Business Meeting}\\
\emph{of the}\\
{\Large Central Massachusetts Amateur Radio Association}\\
\emph{Submitted by Mark Ide \texttt{W1IDE}, Secretary}
\end{center}

\section{Meeting Called to Order}
The CMARA October 2017 business meeting was called to order on October 19, 2017 by CMARA president Bob Peloquin (\texttt{KB1VUA}) at 7:10 PM.

\section{Attendance}
\noindent
Below is the list of members and guests that attended the meeting. If you are not caught up on your dues, you'll be listed as a guest. If you feel that's in error, please reach out the club treasurer.

\subsection{Officers Present}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|c|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Position} & \textbf{Name}  & \textbf{Callsign} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
  President         & Bob Peloquin   & \texttt{KB1VUA}   & Yes \\
  Vice President    & Brian Loverro  & \texttt{K1BML}    & Yes \\
  Secretary         & Mark Ide       & \texttt{W1IDE}    & Yes \\
  Treasurer         & Jim Singer     & \texttt{N1EKO}    & Yes \\
  Webmaster         & Lyn Glagowski  & \texttt{WB1CCL}   & No  \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}

\subsection{Board of Directors Present}
\begin{tabular}{|l|l|c|}
  \hline
  \textbf{Name}     & \textbf{Callsign} & \textbf{Present} \\ \hline
  Adrian Zeffert    & \texttt{AB2IX}    & Yes \\
  Harold Carlson    & \texttt{N1ZC}     & No  \\
  Greg Algieri      & \texttt{WA1JXR}   & Yes \\
  Terry Glagowski   & \texttt{W1TR}     & Yes \\
  Randy Dore        & \texttt{W4FEB}    & Yes \\
  Johnathan Sherman & \texttt{WW2JS}    & Yes \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}

\subsection{Members Present}

\texttt{AB1ZW},
\texttt{K1RAU},
\texttt{K1YYT},
\texttt{KA3RLZ},
\texttt{KB1EZF},
\texttt{KC1DMM},
\texttt{KC1ETB},
\texttt{KC1GIB},
\texttt{KC1IDO},
\texttt{KM1D},
\texttt{KW2T},
\texttt{N1FSK},
\texttt{N1KWX},
\texttt{W1AHM},
\texttt{W1CAB},
\texttt{W1DYQ},
\texttt{W1PA},
\texttt{W1REJ},
\texttt{W1WER},
\texttt{WA1MDD},
\texttt{WA1RCQ}

\subsection{Guests \& Visitors}

\texttt{K1TIN}, 
Christopher Wentworth

% \noindent
% \textasteriskcentered{} Entered as a guest. Voted in as new member. See \S{} \ref{new-cmara-members} for details.

\section{Reports}

\subsection{Secretary's Report}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item The September secretary's report was approved by voice vote under the condition that the final report has the treasurer's summaries included.
\end{enumerate}

\newpage
\subsection{Treasurer's Report}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Jim (\texttt{N1EKO}) verbally went over a detailed breakdown of expenses from May, June, July and August.
  \item The September treasurer's report was approved by voice vote.
\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{September 2017 Treasurer's Summary}
\noindent
\begin{tabular}{|l|r|}
  \hline
  Beginning Checking Balance & \texttt{\$5,080.50} \\
  Income: \emph{None} & \texttt{+\$0.00} \\
  Expense: \emph{None} & \texttt{-\$0.00} \\
  Ending Checking Balance & \texttt{\$5,080.50} \\
  \hline
  \hline
  CD & \texttt{\$4,767.78} \\
  \hline
  \hline
  Repeater Fund (Maintain minimum \$500 in checking) & \texttt{\$910.00} \\
  \hline
  \hline
  \textbf{Total Club Account} & \texttt{\$9,848.28} \\
  \hline
\end{tabular}


\subsection{Committee Reports}

\subsubsection{Membership Committee Report}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item The membership committee still needs a copy of the membership, and Jim (\texttt{N1EKO}) will email those to Dick (\texttt{W1REJ}).
\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Repeater Trustees Report}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Nothing new to report; things are operating as usual.
  \item Greg (\texttt{WA1JXR}) shared that he was able to make a QSO with the Canadian border.
  \item Greg (\texttt{WA1JXR}) is investigating a potential replacement transmission antenna which would be similar to our old one.
  \item John (\texttt{KB1VXY}) reports that there has been some issues in North Smithfield, RI.
  \item George (\texttt{KA3RLZ}) reports that the repeater has been more noisy than previous.
\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Field Day Committee Report}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Bob (\texttt{KB1VUA}) reports that the 2018 field day site has been established, if we wish to use the astronomy club's field again.
\end{enumerate}

\section{Old Business}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) emailed Mary Prince regarding the desks she has available. He is still awaiting photos and will report back next month.
  \item Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) got in touch with DX Engineering and informed them of our interest in having a presentation. DX Engineering responded that we can do the January 2018 meeting, to which Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) will lock in after the meeting.
\end{enumerate}

\section{New Business}

\subsection{New CMARA Members}
\label{new-cmara-members}
We would like to welcome the following members to CMARA!
\begin{enumerate}
  \item Bruce de Graaf \emph{(no call established yet)} was voted into CMARA by voice vote. Welcome to the club, Bruce. We hope to see you at the next meeting!
\end{enumerate}

\subsection{Other New Business}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item As this was the October meeting, we had our first round of officer and board of director positions.
  \begin{enumerate}
  \item The nominations are currently as follow:\\
    \begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
      \hline
      \textbf{Position}  & \textbf{Name}     & \textbf{Callsign} \\ \hline
      President          & Bob Peloquin      & \texttt{KB1VUA}   \\ \hline
      Vice President     & Brian Loverro     & \texttt{K1BML}    \\ \hline
      Secretary          &                   &                   \\ \hline
      Treasurer          & Herbert Gilbert   & \texttt{KC1GIB}   \\ \hline
      Webmaster          & Lyn Glagowski     & \texttt{WB1CCL}   \\ \hline
      Board of Directors & Adrian Zeffert    & \texttt{AB2IX}    \\
      (Six Seats)        & George Gumbrell   & \texttt{KA3RLZ}   \\
                         & Greg Algieri      & \texttt{WA1JXR}   \\
                         & Scott Olsen       & \texttt{KB1EZF}   \\
                         & Terry Glagowski   & \texttt{W1TR}     \\ \hline

    \end{tabular}
    \item Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) will reach out to Harold (\texttt{N1ZC}) to find out if he has interest in remaining on the board. If Harold has interest, he can be nominated in November.
    \item Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) will reach out to Johnathan (\texttt{WW2JS}) to find out if he has interest in remaining on the board. If Johnathan has interest, he can be nominated in November.
    \item At this time there is no nomination for the position of secretary. Mark (\texttt{W1IDE}) has agreed not to `run away' from the position, but has offered it up to others with interest.
    \item Jim (\texttt{N1EKO}) nominated Herb as Treasurer (which Herb approves of) and thus will not be running for the position.
    \item Terry (\texttt{W1TR}) approved of the nomination for his wife, Lyn (\texttt{WB1CCL}) for webmaster. She wasn't present, but Terry knows her well so we respect his authority in this case.
    \item Randy (\texttt{W4FEB}) has decided not run for board of directors to give someone else a chance.
    \item There will be another round of nomination in November. \textbf{If you do not see yourself in this list, and want to run, be sure to get a nomination in November!}
  \end{enumerate}

  \item Jim (\texttt{N1EKO}) found a noise finder that he proposed the club purchase to lend to members in need of investigating electrostatic noise. This device could also be used at field day to help isolate issues. The purchase was approved by voice vote.
  \item The club recieved three QSL cards from field day. Jim (\texttt{N1EKO}) has asked Terry (\texttt{W1TR}) to print three QSL cards and send them out, as Terry has the template for the QSL cards.
  \item For folks participating in the MCW project, Greg (\texttt{WA1JXR}) has a missing capacitor for everyone's kits. Your project isn't complete until you have this part, so be sure to see Greg.
\end{enumerate}

\section{For the Good of the Club}

\subsection{New Hams \& Upgrades}
There were no new hams nor upgrades present this month.

\subsection{Other News}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item No one needs an antenna party.
  \item Greg (\texttt{WA1JXR}) spoke with Bruce Blain (\texttt{K1BG}) about giving the club a presentation on the new FCC entry-level licenses. The board will discuss having this presentation next month.
  \item Concerns were raised regarding the sad state of the church's electrical system. They have old circuits and are running extension cords under rugs. Jim (\texttt{N1EKO}) has reached out to the club and offered our help (including that multiple licensed electricians) and we haven't heard back.
  \item Alan (\texttt{W1AHM}) made a couple of public service announcements / tech tips:
  \begin{enumerate}
    \item The baystate marathon is still looking for operators. The net that they run is an accountability net, to keep track of participants and their times. If you're interested, reach out to Terry Stader (\texttt{KA8SCP}).
    \item If you have a Raspberry PI (small computer, not the edible treat), and you don't have it in a project box, you could be at risk for shorting things against the GPIO pins. You can remove a 2x20 connector from a surplus 40-wire ATA (PATA) ribbon cable, and place it over the GPIO pins to protect them. You \emph{must not} harvest the 2x20 connector from an 80-wire (UDMA66/UDMA5/UDMA6) ribbon cable: seven of the socket connectors all connect to an internal ground bus that bites into all 40 interleaved ground wires. Even without a ribbon cable attached, 7 of the 40 sockets are shorted.
    \item If you're trying to fish a 10 or 12 gauge wire through the firewall in an engine compartment, you can sheath the ends of both wires within a ballpoint pen body, and push the pen through the gasket. This prevents them from splitting apart and may make your life easier.
  \end{enumerate}
  \item It was asked if we would publish a list of events coming up in the ham community. If you're interested in events, check out the following websites.
  \begin{enumerate}
    \item ARRL Hamfest and Convention Database\\
          \texttt{arrl.org/hamfests-and-conventions-calendar}
    \item ARRL Contest Calendar\\
          \texttt{arrl.org/contest-calendar}
    \item \texttt{WA7BNM} Contest Calendar\\
          \texttt{contestcalendar.com/weeklycont.php}
  \end{enumerate}
  \item The Nutmeg Hamfest is this Sunday in Meriden, CT. See \texttt{nutmeghamfest.com} for more information.
\end{enumerate}

\section{Next Meeting}
\begin{enumerate}
  \item The next meeting will be Thursday, November 16, 2017 at 7:00 PM. It will be located at the Oakdale United Methodist Church, 15 North Main Street, West Boylston, MA 01583.
  \item The meeting will begin promptly at 7:00 PM. Social time will start around 6:30 PM, so be sure to come early if you would like to mingle.
\end{enumerate}

\section{Meeting Adjourned}
The meeting was adjourned October 19, 2017 at 7:57 PM by CMARA president Bob Peloquin (\texttt{KB1VUA}).

\section{Post-Meeting Presentation}
This meeting was planned to be a project night, but the church was having a sale of some sort, so we had to relocate for the evening. As there was no project space, we turned the meeting into a social gathering.

\end{document}
